Add comment in needed PRs and remove labels that shouldn't be there a… (#24)
mschilde/auto-label-merge-conflicts: README.md

![Github action in action](./demo.png)

The typical use case is to run this action post merge (e.g. push to `master`) to quickly see which other PRs are now in conflict.

> Unfortunately, there is no way for users to subsrcibe to label changes, which means the label gets added, but no one knows. The alternative for that is to post a comment. You should then (and everyone suscribed to the thread) get a notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, there is no way for users to subscribe to label changes, which means the label gets added, but no one knows. The alternative for that is to post a comment. You should then (and everyone subscribed to the thread) get a notification.
```
